Hahahaha
Your card is really impressive.
Maximize the credit card machine
Come on, take this kid down for me
This is a real card.
The Supreme Dragon Card is a sacred object
Ordinary card swiping machines cannot recognize it at all.
Only this special card swiping machine
To identify the Holy Light in the Supreme Dragon Card
The card swipe machine reports naturally. This is your card.
Teacher Zhang
Yuelong Hotel owner Yuelonggang
See Lord Dragon King
Really the Dragon King husband
Get up.
Boss Yu, don't be deceived.
I heard everything
Just now
At the Dragon Dinner
The Fan family found a fortune-teller to impersonate the Dragon King
In order to get it from the Zhao family
Cheat away the endorsement rights for the Dragon King store
Who would have thought that the Dragon King was there?
This canceled the treatment of the Fan family
Give it to the deer
And let me take over as the next
What do you think?
If this kid is really the Dragon King
Fan Ruoli is his fiancée
Why cancel the agency for the Fan family?
This card
They must be stealing the Dragon King's artifact, the dragon
When the jade
Stolen together
That's right, they stole this card.
My husband Zhou Shao is the real newcomer
Dragon King
Cut off this kid's foot for me
I warn you.
If you dare to pretend to be the Dragon King again, disaster will come
Your Zhou family will not escape